Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
It's been a day of disappointment...
...at the U.S. Women's Figure
Skating Championship.
Jacqueline Dorsey should easily
repeat last year's victory.
Well, let's not get too
far ahead of ourselves...
...because as we've already seen
here today, anything can happen.
Okay, now, listen to me.
I don't want you to push it.
Take out everything but the first triple.
Doubles will win this.
-And the spin at the transition.
-No.
It is not a required element.
You can't push it.
The most important thing
is to skate a clean program.
No. The most important thing
is to win.
-And that is why--
-Mom.
It's not worth winning
if you don't have to fight for it.
I think you were the one
who taught me that.
Well, who knew you ever listened?
Do me a favour...
...just try to come back without
too much ice on your butt, okay?
As of now, it's hers to lose.
Well, I'm glad you said it, Oksana,
because I think...
...her best skating is still to come.
And that, friends,
is straight from her father's mouth.
Ladies and gentlemen, on the ice:
Two-time U.S. singles champion
Jackie Dorsey.
She usually begins her routine
with her most difficult element:
The triple axel.
And she nailed it.
Now she's lining up
for her first double combination.
Unbelievable. She replaced it
with a triple-triple combination.
She is not just beating this
competition, she is destroying it.
Just one more jump in her program
and she's home free.
-Why isn't she getting up?
-I think she's really hurt.
Ladies and gentlemen,
please stay in your seats.
Get back.
Please remain seated.
As I suspected, the fracture
was to both bones in the lower leg.
I wouldn't worry.
Though the break was complicated,
you should be up...
-...and walking around in no time.
-That's not what I asked you.
Let's just take it one step at a time,
okay, honey?
You have to walk
before you can glide.
Don't care about walking.
Next year is an Olympic year.
And I am not retiring.
-Tell them.
-Nobody said anything about retiring.
I've done everything I can do,
Jackie.
-The rest is up to you.
-Good.
Then we should have nothing
to worry about.
Good. Now keep your head up
and really, really lift off this time.
-Better.
-Better? That was amazing.
For a double, it was okay.
But for a triple, it sucked.
Jackie, the fact
that after only four months...
...you can even hit
a double is amazing.
Doubles are meaningless.
This isn't pairs.
In hockey they'd call her
for high-sticking.
Believe me, what I wouldn't give
for a whistle and a penalty box.
All right, let's go again.
Jackie.
-Are you all right?
-Not a word.
You cannot keep pushing yourself
like this.
If you don't like it,
you don't have to watch.
Why are you always
so damn stubborn?
Because I take after my father.
I suppose that accounts
for the sweet disposition also.
No. That's all Mom.
I know you don't wanna talk
about this...
-...but what if you can't ever--?
-Right, I don't wanna talk about that.
All I'm asking is that you take
some time off, all right? Rest.
Don't think about skating for a while.
See if there's something more to life.
Nice. Especially coming from you,
who built this multi-rinked palace.
-Jackie.
-What?
And I don't want any of your
hockey goons messing up my ice.
Hey, those hockey goons
are helping to pay for this ice.
-She'll never go.
-She'll go.
Hey.
Where the hell are my skates?
-Good workout?
-No.
The gym was a total joke.
Then I tried to do some laps--
Vacation, Jack.
Muscles are supposed to atrophy.
Just look at Elisa. Her butt
was rock hard before we got here.
Listen, guys, I'm sorry
if I've been kind of a bitch lately.
Oh, come on, I've been horrible.
Oh, we know. I was just shocked
that you said " kind of" when it's....
Yeah, pretty much been full-on.
But it's okay. We know
what you've been going through.
Plus, we said terrible things
behind your back.
So it's just like junior nationals
all over again.
I am still bitter.
Can I get you ladies anything?
You're that skating girl, aren't you?
Yes, "Skating Girl."
That's my superhero name.
I don't watch a whole lot of skating,
but even I saw you wipe out.
Man, that had to hurt.
They showed that, like, all the time.
Yeah, it's my own
personal agony of defeat.
-Jackie.
-So, what are you doing...
...now that you're retired?
-I'm not retired.
-Hey, Sparky...
...why don't you bring us
another round...
...with an extra splash of tact
this time.
Thanks.
Boy, pose for the cover
of one Wheaties box, you know?
-I'm getting out of here.
-Come on, Jackie. Come on.
No, just let her go.
I think she just needs to be alone.
Yeah, it's not all she needs.
Of course, I'm too much of a lady
to say what.
No, you're not.
True. Sad but true.
Thank you.
You gotta get out there, man.
It's nice and tight
with just a little curve.
We got a little bit of that
around here too.
-Oh, yeah? What's the story?
-I don't know.
-Anybody try?
-Shot down three of our finest.
She's a lot tougher
than she looks, man.
-You going in?
-No.
I think I'll let her come to me.
Hey.
-I wouldn't go out there if I were you.
-Really? And why not?
Well, it's kind of rough.
-You didn't seem to have a problem.
-There's an undertow.
I think I can handle it.
It looked like your top
was about to come undone.
Dude.
Will you give that back?
You want me to come in there,
or you wanna come out here?
Give that back.
Keep your eyes closed.
Are they closed?
They're closed. Hurry up.
-All right, I'm almost finished.
-Come on, already.
Okay, you can open up
your eyes now.
Heads up.
I tried to warn you.
-Hi. Alex.
-Jackie.
You wouldn't dare. No. No.
-I should give that kid a buck.
-Only a buck?
So you ever
been on skates before?
Wondered if you knew or not.
Wondered what?
If you'd ever been on blades before?
No. I just wondered
if you knew how to skate or not.
Yeah, a little.
A little.
Come on, I'll have you doing it
in no time. It's easy.
I don't know....
Looks kind of scary.
Oh, no. No, no.
See, you'd have to have a death wish.
No, but it helps.
-All right, wait here. I'll be right back.
-Alex.
Hey, Alex.
Alex.
-Hey, thanks for the helmet, bro.
-No problem, Alex.
That was amazing.
How could you ever learn to do that?
-Yeah, well....
-Can I have your autograph, please?
Sure.
-What's the name?
-Kayla.
All right, Kayla.
-Here you go.
-Can I see that?
I know, I know.
It's a horrible picture.
Thank you.
-See you later.
-Come on, sweetie, let's go.
Will you let me go. Gosh.
Okay, so go on.
So then I decided to turn pro
and medalled at the X Games.
" Pro"? As in " professional"?
-You do this for a living?
-Yeah. More or less.
I'm actually signing
with a new sponsor this week.
I was supposed to meet up with them
this morning...
...but the waves just looked
too damn good.
So good. It's a good thing
you're so damn irresponsible.
Otherwise we would've never met.
Works for me.
Here's to being irresponsible.
-You promise?
-I promise.
-No, do you really promise?
-I really promise.
All right.
She promised.
He's just--
He's hard to describe.
Which is odd,
because you've done nothing...
...but describe him
for the last three hours.
I know.
But there's just something about him.
Maybe it's the fact he doesn't spend
all day in a leotard and a dancebelt.
-Maybe it's his tattoos. He has three.
-There she is.
-That you've seen.
-Yes, that I've seen.
I can't believe you haven't told him
who you are.
I will. It's just....
You know, for once, it was just--
It was nice. There was no agenda.
It was just a girl meeting a boy.
And it was nice.
I don't even know how you can try
and say that without blushing.
Luanne and Elisa, my friends.
Any chance we get
to meet him?
Yeah, there's a very good chance
that you could meet him.
That's him.
-Here you go.
-Thank you very much, sir.
All right, have a good one.
Alex?
You really clean up.
What are you doing here?
We're staying here.
These are my friends,
Luanne and Elisa.
-Ladies.
-Alex.
Oh, this is obviously
the "more or less" part of my life.
I don't know what else to say.
Can I get you your car?
No. No, no. We're good.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah, I'm okay.
You know, I'm just surprised
to see you here, that's all.
Well, I guess we all
have our secrets.
Excuse me.
I've been waiting five minutes.
-I'm in the middle of something.
-I should really just go, because--
There's this party.
-But listen, I'll see you later, okay?
-Jackie....
Excuse me.
Here, knock yourself out.
It's on level five.
I didn't think you'd come.
Well, I promised, didn't I?
Look, I'm sorry
about how I acted earlier.
It was rude and immature
and I apologize.
Why didn't you just tell me
who you really are?
Well, I should have.
But it's like you said...
...everyone's entitled
to their secrets, right?
So did you and your friends
have a good laugh?
Don't go acting all wounded.
I said I was sorry.
Sorry you let me walk around
all day acting like a big idiot...
-...thinking you're all impressed?
-Yes. But I was impressed.
And you didn't start acting like an idiot
until two minutes ago.
See, now, this is why I didn't tell you.
I knew you would act all intimidated.
Intimidated? By you?
Hey, look, don't flatter yourself.
Flitting around on the ice
is not exactly a real sport.
Oh, my God,
you wouldn't even last five minutes.
Because you're embarrassed...
...don't take it out on me.
I work incredibly hard.
Maybe.
But I wonder where you'd be...
...if your parents
hadn't won a gold medal...
...and built you a world-famous sports
complex to go play ice princess in.
Listen, you little arrogant jerk...
...everything that I have ever won,
I have earned by working my ass off.
I have skated until my ankles bled.
I have woken up at 4:30
every morning for seven years.
And until my accident,
I did not miss one practice. Not one.
Well, it sounds like
you need to get out a little more.
That's-- That's really great advice.
Especially coming from
a professional athlete.
Well, I might just be an amateur,
but I can tell you one thing:
You won't get anywhere just waiting
for the waves to come in.
I guess it just depends
on where you wanna go.
And I don't think you have a clue.
So don't blame me because
I know what I want out of life.
And what I don't.
I guess I don't need to ask
about your trip.
Well, if sweetness and light
was what you expected...
-...I'd ask for my money back.
-Jackie.
Look, Dad.
I know what you're gonna say.
And the answer is--
No. You listen. If I don't have
a sponsor, then I can't go on the tour.
I need you to call them back and tell
them they're idiots if they pass up.
There's a lot
of other companies willing to--
Unreliable?
You know what--? Forget it.
You know what you can tell them?
Got that?!
Phone's broken.
-How's your manager?
-Ex-manager.
Apparently, extreme sports
isn't a place for "slackers."
Damn. I knew I should've gotten
that M.B.A.
Jackie Dorsey.
Jackie, how's the leg?
My skating's back to where
it used to be....
Isn't that your girlfriend?
It's doubtful if I'll ever be able
to do a triple again.
Girlfriend, angel of darkness.
Yeah, that's her.
-I don't let my dreams die that easily.
-Of course, of course.
Does this mean your Olympic hopes
are still alive?
I'm making the shift over to pairs.
It's just as demanding, but there's
less emphasis on the jumps.
I'm guessing all you need now
is a partner. Any luck?
I'm actually interviewing
with skaters this week.
If there's anyone
who wants to skate with me...
...you know who to contact.
That girl's gotta catch a clue.
It's over for her.
I don't know, man.
She knows what she wants.
Something tells me
she's gonna get it.
Well, I know what I want.
Another beer. You?
No. No, I'm good. Thanks.
It's my first day on ice skates.
No kidding.
No.
Toepick.
Thanks, girls. Thank you.
Swell.
So. Where did you dig this one up?
I didn't. He found us.
Jackie, this is Alex Harrison.
Alex, this is my daughter, Jackie.
What the hell are you doing here?
Oh, real nice.
Can't even muster a hello?
-I just flew 3000 miles to be here.
-This is not happening.
I'm not surprised
you don't have a partner.
-lf this is your way of apologizing--
-lf anyone should be apologizing--
Well, apparently you already
know each other.
Apparently.
Look, I don't know
what's going on here...
...and I'm not exactly sure
I even wanna know.
But are you or are you not
here for a tryout?
Yes, I'm here to try out.
It's my dream.
Oh, please.
He doesn't even know how to skate.
A little unconventional.
-Who trains you?
-Actually, I'm kind of...
...in between coaches right now.
Although, Evelyn Jean, she's 7,
gave me a few pointers on my Lutz.
She can be a real ballbuster.
He just started figure skating
three months ago.
He's doing some
inline skating for the X Games--
Why are you even talking to him?
Don't you understand?
He's just here to humiliate me.
-You really need my help for that?
-Honey...
-...he came all this way.
-Yeah, Jackie.
Fine.
Ready? On three.
Wait. Right foot first?
It's not like you're some big expert
on it either, all right?
Yes, right foot.
One, two, three.
Okay, nice and easy.
Just get to know each other.
I guess you don't tell your mother
everything, huh?
You know, you're just making a fool
out of yourself.
I was afraid
you wouldn't recognize me.
How could I forget?
What happened?
No jobs at the Roller Derby?
I heard you were having trouble
looking for a partner.
I drew the short straw.
You're kind of cute
when you get all mad.
-Your face gets all red and puffy.
-I do not get red...
...and puffy, you slacker.
Princess.
There. Satisfied?
I think you look good together.
Jackie, wait.
You don't really expect me
to skate with that, do you?
Tell me what happened
in California.
-Nothing happened in California.
-Then why is he here?
I don't know. He loves the pageantry
of it all. How should I know?
-This has nothing to do with me.
-He quit his job.
So? He used to park people's cars.
-He taught himself to skate.
-You call that skating?
I do. That's the whole reason
we're having this conversation.
The guy is a natural.
He seems strong.
-He doesn't have bad habits.
-Wait till you know him.
And the two of you
could learn pairs together.
He might just be what it is
we've been looking for.
-But the two of you have got to--
-There is no two of us.
Okay, fine. Sorry.
We'll just say,
"Thanks but no, thanks."
Well, good.
If that's really what you want.
You can stay. But we finish working
when I say we're done.
And the first day you go looking
for waves, you are out of here.
Cool.
Closer.
Mom, any closer and he's gonna
owe us two camels and a goat.
Skating in pairs is about harmony.
It's about two skaters
coming together as one.
It's a balance of strength
and grace...
...athleticism...
...and artistry.
You ready to do this?
-Just try not to get in my way.
-Okay.
Go.
Sorry. I guess I was too busy
admiring your artistry.
Toepick.
Alex....
Alex, no.
Alex.
Alex. Alex.
What is the matter with you?
What's the matter with me?
My hand was right here.
Yeah, that does me a lot of good,
seeing as my hands were here.
Okay. Well, maybe next time
you'll get it right.
Hey, didn't you give them the whole
harmony, artistry, two-as-one speech?
Keep up the good work.
You dropped yourself.
Get off me.
-You can't be serious.
-Very serious.
The two of you need to learn to stop
competing with each other...
...and getting in each other's way.
Yeah, well, if Moon Doggie over here
learned to pay attention....
You both need to learn to respect
what each other is doing.
Anticipate their movements.
Right now
I'm anticipating a broken nose...
...if we don't tie down those elbows.
You don't expect us to skate
like this, do you?
Yeah. And not only skate...
...but live every waking hour like that
until I say it comes off.
I feel like I need a shower, huh?
Mom.
Listen, he's just gonna drag me down.
Get off me.
Hey, hey, hey--
Hey, Alex.
Alex.
You get your hands off me right now.
Get off of me.
Mom.
How come we never had to do that?
You were easier to train.
I'll get it.
This is never going to work.
Alex, come on.
Alex, come on,
it cannot be that bad.
Yes, it is.
Everything is all wrist snaps and
arched backs and eyebrow raises.
Sprinkles. Sprinkles.
Okay, so I guess it is that bad.
I'm assuming
that you have a suggestion.
I'm suggesting we need
some more ass-kicking.
Technical merit, 5.0.
Artistic interpretation, 5.2.
Ass-kicking, 6.0.
Isn't that how you won
all those medals?
Yeah, well, I think my mom's afraid
I might get hurt again.
I won't let you get hurt. I promise.
Alex.
That needs some work.
I don't know,
I kind of liked the landing.
You know, we were just working on
a new move.
I'll be curious to see what the judges
think of that last move.
Lock up when you're done...
...practicing.
-I'm--
-Get off me.
Are you warm enough?
You wanna go inside?
-No, I'm good.
-All right.
I'm sorry about what I said
on the beach that night.
-Don't worry about it.
-No, let me finish.
-It's not a big deal.
-Will you let me finish?
I shouldn't have judged you...
...like that.
I was wrong, and I apologize.
Thank you. Apology accepted.
So isn't there something
you wanna say back?
No. No, I'm good.
Don't get mad at me.
You were a complete bitch.
You know, you--
-You're impossible.
-It's part of my charm.
You were right
about one thing, though.
-What's that?
-I just...
...needed to figure out
what I wanted out of life.
How's that working out for you?
You tell me.
-Okay, well, that was awkward.
-Let's get out of here. Come on.
-What are you--?
-Let's go somewhere.
-Right now?
-Yeah, we'll have an adventure.
Come on. We could drive down
to Boston or to the cape.
I've never seen
the Atlantic Ocean before.
I'll let you drive.
I knew it. I just knew it.
-Knew what? What's the matter?
-Regionals are in six weeks.
Ten minutes ago, you were talking
about changing our routine.
Our jumps are a disaster,
our death spiral--
Calm down.
I'm not going anywhere.
-Sorry, guess I misread the moment.
-No. Look, you did not--
You did not misread the moment.
I'm sorry.
But every practice just means
so much right now.
That's right, I forgot.
Eye on prize. Can't lose focus.
Win at all cost, yeah.
-Alex--
-No more apologies, please.
You're right.
You're 100 percent right.
I'm going to bed.
Quick question.
Have you ever done one stupid,
passionate...
...spontaneous thing
in your whole life?
Yeah. That's kind of what I thought.
-lf you're that worried about him--
-What? No, I'm not....
Why would I be? I'm not his keeper.
His alarm probably didn't go off,
that's all.
It's not like he drove off
in the middle of the night...
...to see Boston
or the Atlantic Ocean, right?
Right.
But, you know, just to be sure....
You know how Mom gets
when we're late for practice.
Hey, Alex.
Alex? Hello? Are you here?
I'll give you spontaneous.
Surprise.
No.
Looking for this?
Wait, I still have shampoo
in my hair.
Hello?
Morning. Sorry, overslept.
-Hope everything's not too cold here.
-More like frigid.
Oh, my God.
This place is fabulous.
Jackie, this is an old friend of mine,
Heidi Clements.
So nice to meet you.
Alex talks about you constantly.
-Oh, that's funny, because he never--
-She just...
...kind of showed up last night.
Just wandering through wilds
of northern Connecticut?
Heidi is a model.
As if that explains everything.
I was in New York for Fashion Week.
So exhausting and stressful.
I can imagine.
All that clothes-changing and smiling.
So I thought I'd drive up
and surprise Alex.
-Surprise.
-Oh, how carefree...
...and spontaneous of you.
I guess that--
That's what old friends do.
You know, when they're not playing
Find the Soap.
That was fun.
We should do it again.
But you know what,
we're already late.
So if you're not too tired....
-I gotta get going.
-Can't I stay and watch?
I won't say a word, I swear.
Please. Just for a minute?
She seems sweet.
-Do you mean that?
-No.
She really is an old friend,
we grew up surfing together.
Didn't ask. Don't care.
Yes. We dated on and off
for a couple years, okay?
But I didn't say anything
because last time I saw her...
...I thought we'd broken up.
Guess it didn't stick.
Is that before or after we met?
You are such a dog.
Oh, my God.
That was unbelievable.
That was the funniest thing
I have ever seen.
I mean, you were good.
So good, really. But, Alex...
...oh, my God,
if anyone back home ever saw you....
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. But, Alex,
come on, you can't be serious.
-This is a joke, right?
-No, it's not a joke.
Maybe it started out that way.
-I don't know.
-This isn't your world.
You spent your whole life
making fun of people like this.
I know.
It's weird.
What's going on? Seriously.
What do you want me to say?
I like it, okay?
That's the whole answer.
I like working hard.
I like challenging myself. I like....
I like being part of something
for a change.
And the girl?
Do you like the girl?
Yeah.
Yeah, I like the girl.
Okay.
Think I'm gonna go.
You know it's never gonna work.
Yeah, I know.
I'm sorry about that.
She tends to talk...
...before she even thinks
about what--
What's going on?
-Yes.
-She just do a triple?
Baby.
-God, that felt good.
-That was incredible.
But how? When did you--?
I've been working on it
every morning before practice.
-And it finally just came together.
-See?
What do doctors or fathers know?
And the leg?
Never better.
That just felt so good.
I wanna do, like, a hundred more.
You know,
I haven't been able to do one since.
Yeah, I know, you mentioned it.
Congratulations.
So, what's the deal?
I thought we had all this work to do.
-Where's your cheering section?
-She retired.
Competition should be intense
at today's northeast regionals.
But, of course, every eye will be
on the wild-card team...
...of two-time national singles champ
Jacqueline Dorsey...
...and her partner Alex Harrison,
making his competitive debut.
Doesn't look like people are too
happy that we've crashed their party.
Don't let them get to you.
They're just trying to psych you out.
Yeah, I'd be hostile too if I had to skate
around looking like a freaking pinata.
-Nice.
-Sorry.
What the hell are you looking at?
Huh, Fabio?
They're just staring at the monitor.
You're standing right in front of it.
Sorry.
This couple has such nice lines
and a lot of personality.
They're known for their colourful
choreography.
A perfectly executed lasso lift.
They're definitely gonna be
a tough pair to beat.
What are you doing?
I'm getting pumped.
You know that this
is figure skating, right?
How come no one's chanting?
At the X Games, people always chant.
I mean, come on.
-Yes, I'll see what I can do.
-Ladies and gentlemen, next up...
...Jackie Dorsey and Alex Harrison.
-You ready?
-Yeah, let's do this.
After a standout performance
in today's short program...
...newcomers Dorsey and Harrison
will enter tomorrow's long program...
...in second position.
Hey, nice.
Nice Lutz for a guy
with a police record.
-Yeah, nice talk for a guy with a--
-Hey, you know what, will you--?
Do not let him get to you. Sit.
You really have a police record?
-What do you think?
-A long one?
Oh, what the hell is this crap?
If you don't mind,
we're watching this.
Well, then, I'm sure you won't mind
if I change it.
-Buddy, we don't want any trouble.
-Alex.
Hey, Sparky.
Not a big skating fan, huh?
Okay, buddy, this ain't your fight.
Come on, you should try it.
See, we spend our day putting
our hands in places I'm guessing...
-...you could only dream about.
-Nice.
See, check it out.
That's a replay of Pinata's final lift.
-Hey, nice job, by the way.
-Thanks.
I'm gonna say this once,
just move it.
But I can't figure out how...
...you get so much distance
on your throw.
Now, I know you got
the one hand here...
-...and the other hand here?
-No. That's close. It's more like here.
-Okay.
-And then here.
-Then you just let her fly.
-That's my favourite part.
I don't know.
The landing needs work.
You can't expect to get it perfect
your first time.
Alex. Alex. Alex.
Chanting, gotta love it.
Morning, Pinata.
Hey, Blade Boy.
I was just trying to come up
with a nickname for you.
-Yeah, keep trying.
-After your performance...
-Your girl's on.
-...I just have to say, "What accident?"
I'm very lucky. I've never felt better
in my whole career.
There's a rumour floating around
that your triple axel has also...
-...never look ed better.
-Now, who told you that?
I know that an individual Olympic gold
has always been the dream.
Yes, but that's not why
I'm here today.
But you're not ruling it out.
I never rule anything out.
Nothing will mak e
your fans happier...
... than a return
to individual competition.
If things don't go well today, could
it be a solo trip for Jackie Dorsey...
... to the next Olympic games?
I....
I just know that I won't be happy
until I have a medal around my neck.
-Bye. Thank you.
-Thank you.
Pinata, can you take a look?
I think I got an ice skate
wedged in my back.
Jackie, no one's seen him yet.
I knew something like this
was gonna happen. I knew it.
He is so irresponsible.
Yes, I am well aware of the rules.
I am on the rules committee.
And I am telling you,
you can change the order...
-...at any time if one of its--
-Excuse me.
-Never mind.
-Excuse me, could we get through?
Where in the hell--?
Okay, there's no time for this. Listen,
you got about 10 seconds, okay?
Just try to relax.
Take a deep breath.
-I think that's more for me than you.
-What, no pumping?
-Don't worry, I'm pumped.
-Ladies and gentlemen, next up...
...Alex Harrison
and Jacqueline Dorsey.
Go. Go.
What the hell
is the matter with you?
I can't believe it. I've never seen
anything like this before.
-Alex Harrison just did a triple.
-Yeah, it's a--
I don't know what's going on out there,
but I'm guessing...
...he's just a little overenthusiastic.
They've got another double
coming up in just a minute.
-I'm doing another triple.
-Alex.
-You might wanna try it.
-Alex, I can't do it.
Jackie Dorsey has just fallen.
Get up, baby. Get up.
Never say I was the one
who wouldn't follow through.
He's not coming back.
He'll be back.
No, he won't. I know him.
It wasn't your fault. His behaviour
was completely inexcusable.
Mine wasn't too great either.
We all say things to reporters,
sweetie.
Something about the lights.
He'll understand.
Nationals are in two months.
If there is any possibility
of you competing...
...we have
to start training immediately.
As an individual?
As an individual.
Is that really what you want?
Yes.
-I don't believe her.
-Yeah, well, don't worry...
...she doesn't believe her either.
Beautiful.
I didn't see you were there.
So graceful.
You always remind me
of your mother.
You know...
...no amount of medals
could ever make me love you more.
I know, Daddy.
So...
...how did it feel?
Lonely.
What are you doing here?
-What do you think I'm doing here?
-Wasting your time, for one thing.
The trials are in eight weeks,
I don't have time to waste.
Why you doing this?
Let's just leave it at it didn't work out
between us, okay?
I think we both kind of knew
it wouldn't.
Please don't give up on us
just because I made a mistake.
" Us"? I think you made it pretty clear
there is no " us."
Just go home, Jackie.
You don't need me.
You never needed me.
So don't do it for me.
Problem is I don't really care
all that much about medals.
Well, what do you care about?
Today?
-Just the waves.
-Alex....
Alex.
Excuse me.
I'll bring it right back. I swear.
You're wrong.
-What the hell are you doing?
-You're wrong.
I could've never
done this without you.
Jackie, turn around.
Not till you agree
to come back with me.
Jackie, turn around.
Alex!
Jackie.
Jackie!
What's the matter with you?
You're acting like a spoiled brat.
Afraid you wouldn't recognize me.
You're not gonna make me
go back out there, are you?
You really would, wouldn't you?
-God, are you pigheaded.
-It's just part of my charm.
All right, look...
...if I come back, things are gonna
have to be different between us.
-A lot of things have changed.
-Alex, nothing has changed.
Heidi and I got back together.
We're talking about getting married.
She's moving in this weekend.
Congratulations.
Come on,
I know you don't mean that.
She and I just make sense.
-We understand each other.
-You don't have to explain yourself.
Oh, so that's it?
Isn't there anything you wanna say,
anything you wanna know?
All I care about is if you
can be on that ice tomorrow morning.
Well, you didn't leave yourself
much time.
I didn't realize I needed it.
I'm home.
How'd it go?
Mission accomplished.
Have a nice break?
I did. Thanks.
I got to do a lot of thinking.
Oh, yeah?
-So, what did you think about?
-That if I'm coming back...
...there's gonna be some changes.
More jumps, more flips
and a lot less flailing.
Well, see if you can make it through a
routine without walking off the ice first.
No fighting.
We don't have time.
And I agree with Alex.
If we're going to do this,
let's do it right.
Okay, fine.
Oh, and one other thing:
-We're only doing triples.
-Excuse me? No.
No. Definitely no. Nobody does
side-by-side triples in competition.
-It's too risky. It's just not done.
-Yeah, I know.
And that's exactly why
we're gonna do it. Right, Jackie?
You agreed to this?
Yeah. Sort of.
It was a long flight.
-Hi.
-You okay?
-Yeah, I'm fine. Just thinking.
Nothing in particular.
I'm sorry.
This must be very hard for you.
-What are you talking about?
-We never would've let you...
-...go after him if--
-I said I was fine.
There's nothing to be sorry about.
Besides, we're gonna win.
And that's all that matters now, right?
I love you, Daddy.
I love you too.
Unbelievable.
What an amazing performance.
Dorsey and Harrison have set
the bar so high...
...I doubt any other team's gonna
be able top it.
In fact, they're easily gonna walk in
to tomorrow's finals in first place.
It's gonna tak e a major upset for them
not to mak e the U.S. Olympic Team.
-Way to go, Roller Boy.
-All right, keep trying.
Looks like you two are the ones
to beat. Who knew?
-Anyone who read the scoreboard.
-Figure-skating trash talk, I like it.
Sounds like everyone's
gunning for us.
Yeah, they are.
And it's about damn time.
-You'd think you'd love it.
-It's yours to lose, man.
It's yours to lose.
I do love it. I'm just used
to being the gunner, that's all.
Hey, it's
Mr. and Mrs. Number One.
Wait. That didn't sound right.
Anyway, congratulations.
-Thanks.
Can I buy you guys a drink?
No, thanks. After we've soaked up
all the accolades...
...and been sufficiently intimidating,
I think we should get some sleep.
You go.
I'm way too keyed up to sleep.
I'll be good.
All right?
Hey, couple shooters down here.
Nationals.
Bring the bottle too, please.
All right, everyone, to nationals, huh?
Drink up. Bottoms up.
So cold but so nice.
There you are. What's going on?
You should've left for the rink
a half-hour ago.
I came by to make sure he was up.
I found him all--
He looks horrible.
I don't know what we're going to do.
You are going to the rink
and warm up. I will handle Alex.
-Dad, you are crazy if you think--
-Just go.
We'll be fine.
We'll be right behind you.
Go.
Can you believe it?
-Dude, I don't think I'm gonna make it.
-Is your leg broken?
No, I just feel like crap, all right?
I once skated in a playoff game
with two broken ribs.
Swell.
When you die,
I'll be sure to have your balls bronzed.
Man, it's really too bad, Alex,
you know?
Because you were so close.
But kind of the story of your life,
isn't it?
Know what you are? You're one
of those guys that go through life...
...bragging about
what you're gonna do.
And you take off running the minute
you think you're actually gonna get it.
Believe whatever you wanna believe.
I can't help it if I got the flu.
There's nothing wrong with you
that a shower...
...and some aspirin
won't take care of.
Come on.
-What are you--?
-Let's go.
In you go.
It's cold.
-Turn it off.
-All right, all right.
God, get off.
What if we lose?
If you don't at least try, Alex,
you're already a loser. So you tell me.
To win,
you have to be willing to fail.
And the couple from Lak e Placid...
... will surely find a place
in the top five...
...here at the U.S. Figure Skating
Championships.
Jackie, they're on their way.
They should be here any second.
Why do I feel like
I spend my whole life waiting for him?
Wow, how true is that statement?
What?
-Nothing. Now's not the right time.
-It's all right.
I know what you're gonna say.
He's engaged to another woman.
It's just that sometimes
I think you forget.
I just don't wanna see you
get your heart broken.
Jackie.
Well, you gotta look the other way...
...because it's already
busted wide open.
-Well, you look like you feel better.
-Yeah. Your dad knew just what to do.
Let's go warm up.
You know what this means?
Yeah...
...I know.
Thanks for saving me a seat.
This place is a madhouse.
And I see that you've ordered.
And have eaten half of it.
Morning. Isn't this just
the most adorable place...
...you've ever been in
in your entire life?
Yeah, as far as Olympic villages go,
it's pretty adorable.
Did you wanna sit down?
-I didn't know you were coming.
-How could I miss this?
Well, you managed
to miss nationals.
The Alps apparently
have a better draw than St. Louis.
And the shopping's better.
-Can I tell her?
-Heidi....
Tell her what?
Alex and I are getting married
right after closing ceremonies.
We thought that way we'd definitely
have something to celebrate.
Congratulations.
That's great.
-So you gonna do it here in Torino?
-That's the idea.
We were out walking this morning.
We came across
the most adorable church...
...right off the main " piatziola,"
square, whatever they call it.
Piazza.
How long
have you been planning this?
Not that long, just-- I mean....
Well, we've been talking about it
for weeks and weeks.
I'm actually kind of shocked Alex
was able to keep it to himself.
Alex loves his secrets.
So after the wedding you're moving
to Connecticut, I assume?
Don't you tell her anything?
Really, there's more?
Please do tell me...
...because I am sitting
on the edge of my seat.
I....
God, why did you have to bring
this up right now?
I'm gonna hang up my skates
after this.
-You're quitting.
-No. Retiring.
Come on, it shouldn't come
as too big of a surprise. I mean...
...this was the plan, right?
Win or lose, we did it. We're here.
So, what, we do another season,
some ice shows?
-Come on, then what, you know?
-I don't know.
I guess I really hadn't thought
too much past next week.
Mi scusi, your taxi is here.
I'm going to Milan for a few days.
I looked around and white dresses
are kind of in short supply.
Don't worry,
I'll be back for the finals.
I'm not worried.
I'll help you get your stuff.
Now, technically,
they've made no mistakes so far.
But surprisingly, the performance
by this American duo...
...has been passionless
and very uninspired.
-What the hell is your problem?
-I don't have a problem.
They're probably fourth
or fifth right now.
They'll really have
to put it together...
...if they want any shot
at medalling here today.
Jackie.
-Jackie.
-No, not now.
Hey. Hey, don't walk away from me...
...when I'm talking to you. Hey.
-What?
-Look, I'm sorry I didn't tell you.
But you gotta get over it.
That's easy for you to say.
You're not being abandoned.
Abandoning you?
Jackie, we're at the freaking Olympics,
your dream.
What the hell else do you want
from me?
-Nothing.
I want absolutely nothing.
Hey.
Hey. I thought you'd be up.
-Able to get any sleep?
-On and off.
Okay, more off than on.
I guess I'm just a little anxious.
-And puffy.
-Jackie, what are you doing?
I'm trying to figure a way to stop...
...a billion people discussing
the bags under my eyes.
You've worked your whole life
to be here.
-You sacrificed everything.
-It was my choice.
Yes, I know. I know.
And I couldn't have stopped you
even if I wanted to.
Then I saw you skate yesterday.
-You weren't even trying.
-I was trying. Alex was messing up--
Are you willing to give up
on your dream...
...because things aren't working out
with Alex...
...the way you want them
to work out?
You could win this,
if you still want it.
-I don't know what I want.
-I think you do.
And for the life of me, I can't figure out
why you're just sitting here.
Talk to him, for crying out loud.
What? No.
What is that going to do?
He knows how I feel.
How does he know, Jackie?
Have you told him?
Have you said, "Alex, I think
you're making a horrible mistake"?
Have you told him
that you love him?
But what if I tell him
and he still doesn't want me?
Well, then you sit here
and watch the sunrise.
Your old man will bring coffee
and croissants.
-It's not that simple.
-You're the one making it difficult.
If it was meant to be,
it wouldn't be this hard.
It would've already happened.
Maybe you're right.
I don't know.
But what is it you're always saying?
" It isn't worth winning
if you don't have to fight for it"?
Alex, it's me.
I know you're in there.
I probably wouldn't let me in either
after yesterday.
Look, I know I'm gonna see you
in less than an hour...
...but I know that it might be
the last time, so....
I think that l--
I should tell you some things.
Just one thing, really.
The only thing
that matters anymore...
...to me, at least....
Alex, from the very first....
God, you are so....
Alex, I love you.
I love you.
There, that's-- You know,
that's what I wanted to say, okay?
Could you maybe
open the door, please...
...because I don't really wanna be
out here like this.
Alex?
Hey, was somebody at the door?
Just the maid.
She wanted to make up the bed...
...but I told her
we weren't done using it yet.
It's only 7:00,
why would the maid...?
-Oh, God, Heidi.
-Alex.
Don't go after her.
Jackie.
I couldn't find her.
Did she say anything?
Probably nothing
you don't already know.
I think I'm gonna go.
Yeah, that's probably a good idea.
Look, I'm sorry.
Yeah, so am I.
You know it's never gonna work.
I think you're wrong.
I won't be here this time
if you come back.
I know.
Hey!
-Still?
-No, I haven't seen her.
I haven't talked to her. Kate's in there
with her, and she won't come out.
And I tried storming the castle,
but Schomo and Bobo over here...
-He's okay. I got him.
-...tossed me out on my sequined ass.
--for Jacqueline Dorsey
and Alex Harrison.
Stay focused.
We're up, let's go.
Jackie, please talk to me.
What is going on?
I think I've told you everything
that I needed to say.
You have 15 seconds
to take the ice.
Let's get through this,
then we'll never have...
...to see each other ever again.
Is that what you want?
Yes, that's what I want.
Fine, have it your way.
There's only one problem.
Oh, yeah? What's that?
I'm in love with you, Jackie.
I love you and I wanna spend
the rest of my life with you.
-Do a split twist.
-What?
Trust me.
-What was that?
-I don't know.
That is unbelievable.
A split triple twist
with a simultaneous triple toe.
That's gonna go down
in Olympic history. Unbelievable.
Beers on me. Beers on me.
Yes.
The answer to everything is yes.
subs by kitrinipapia
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org